c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\bin\Debug\WPFExample.exe.config
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\bin\Debug\WPFExample.exe
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\bin\Debug\WPFExample.pdb
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\Views\Controls\AddAsignmentControl.g.cs
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\Views\Controls\AssignmentView.g.cs
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\Views\Controls\StudentSelect.g.cs
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\WPFExample_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\WPFExample_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\Views\Controls\AddAsignmentControl.baml
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\Views\Controls\AssignmentView.baml
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\Views\Controls\StudentSelect.baml
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\WPFExample.g.resources
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\WPFExample.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\WPFExample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\WPFExample.exe
c:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\WPFExample.pdb
C:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\WPFExample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\Views\EnrollStudentWindow.baml
C:\Users\Shayon\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WPFExample\WPFExample\obj\Debug\Views\EnrollStudentWindow.g.cs
